In this course we're talking
about the Windows Registry.
In this module, we're going
to talk about the location
of the Registry files
within our forensic image.
The file path to find are SAM,
security, software, and system,
sometimes referred to as the 4Ss,
is going to be from the root,
the Windows directory,
System32 and then we
highlight the config folder.
When we look to the right,
we can see our SAM,
security, software, and system
files listed in the files path.
We would be able to
export these files using
a tool such as FTK imager.
Now, like I said,
each user on the
system will have their
very own ntuser.dat file.
You're going to find that
beneath the user's profile.
You would go to the root users,
expand the user's folder and then
highlight the user that
you want to investigate.
Then, you look to the right
and in the file list page,
you would see that
user's ntuser.dat file.
Using FTK imager, you
can export this file.
We'll get to do that
in our walkthrough.
The UsrClass.dat file, again,
is specific to each user.
Every user will
have one of these.
You would again drill
down from root users,
locate the particular user
that you are interested in,
then you would have to go to
app data and you expand app data.
You'd expand local,
then you scroll down
and expand Microsoft.
Then you would highlight
the Windows folder.
Then you would look to the
right and the files pan.
You can see that particularly
users UsrClass.dat file.
Again, you can use FTK
imager to export the file.
If you're exporting
multiple NT users
or multiple UsrClass.dat files,
I highly recommend that you name
them uniquely so that
you know which is which.
The AmCache hive
is a system file.
It's not part of the users like
the NT user or the UsrClass.dat,
and it's going to be located
under the Windows directory.
So from the root,
we will expand Windows,
and then we would
expand AppCompat,
and then we're going
to highlight programs.
When you look to the right
when the file was pan,
you would see the
Amcache.hve file,
that is the AmCache hive file.
Again, you can export this
using a tool like FTK imager.
Now we're going to do our
registry walkthrough.
We're going to take
a look at our image
and we're going to find
these files and export
them using FTK imager.
So we're going to need
our Windows 10 VMDK
and FTK imager.